README.md, before:

# README #

Will your spores thrive... or be driven to extinction? Their destiny is in your hands.

- Control your colony of spores with three genes: attack, spawn, travel.
- Launch spores to connect to new planets.
- Defend your homeworld from invaders.
- Expand your territory and adapt to enemies on multiple fronts.
- Half an hour of dramatic meditation.

Go forth and conquer a tiny universe.

### CREDITS ###

Designed and coded by [Sarah Gould](http://www.zenzoa.com).

Created with [LÖVE 0.9.2](https://love2d.org/).

Music:
- ['Circuit' by alg0rh1tm](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/maD__Alg0rh1tm/Clockwork/01_alg0rh1tm_-_Circuit)
- ['Covered in Oil' by Broke for Free](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Broke_For_Free/Slam_Funk/Broke_For_Free_-_Slam_Funk_-_10_Covered_In_Oil)

Sounds:
- [btn402 by junggle](http://www.freesound.org/people/junggle/sounds/26777/)
- [99Sounds Cinematic Sound Effects by Generdyn](http://99sounds.org/free-sound-effects/)

Fonts:
- [Furore by Jovanny Lemonad](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/furore)
- [Bender by Jovanny Lemonad](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/bender)

Commit message:

Added keyboard notes to Readme.

README.md, after:

# README #

Will your spores thrive... or be driven to extinction? Their destiny is in your hands.

- Control your colony of spores with three genes: attack, spawn, travel.
- Launch spores to connect to new planets.
- Defend your homeworld from invaders.
- Expand your territory and adapt to enemies on multiple fronts.
- Half an hour of dramatic meditation.

Go forth and conquer a tiny universe.

### SECRET KEYBOARD COMMANDS ###

You can indeed play Prospora with just the keyboard.

- Arrow keys to move the viewport.
- Shift + arrow keys to line up a spore launch.
- Shift + Enter/Space to launch a spore.
- Tab to cycle the selected planet.
- Q/W to change Attack.
- A/S to change Spawn.
- Z/X to change Travel.
- ESC to pause.

### CREDITS ###

Designed and coded by [Sarah Gould](http://www.zenzoa.com).

Created with [LÖVE 0.9.2](https://love2d.org/).

Music:
- ['Circuit' by alg0rh1tm](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/maD__Alg0rh1tm/Clockwork/01_alg0rh1tm_-_Circuit)
- ['Covered in Oil' by Broke for Free](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Broke_For_Free/Slam_Funk/Broke_For_Free_-_Slam_Funk_-_10_Covered_In_Oil)

Sounds:
- [btn402 by junggle](http://www.freesound.org/people/junggle/sounds/26777/)
- [99Sounds Cinematic Sound Effects by Generdyn](http://99sounds.org/free-sound-effects/)

Fonts:
- [Furore by Jovanny Lemonad](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/furore)
- [Bender by Jovanny Lemonad](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/bender)
